banished from Earth Classic Game Room
broadcast from the intergalactic space
arcade on it's different emission to
review everything
welcome back to part 2 of the Skylanders
swap force review what makes swap force
my favorite Skylanders game to date well
a bunch of things really first of all
the playability you can jump you can
frequently spin the movement seems that
smoother and the level designs are
excellent so it's just a fun game to
pick up and play but still challenging
when it needs to be especially when you
set the difficulty to hard or nightmare
it's pretty obvious that Skylanders swap
force borrows a lot of elements from
other games out there like Ratchet and
Clank Spyro even God of War but it also
borrows from itself Vicarious Visions
the developer of this game did the 3ds
version of skylanders spyros adventure
which was a lot of fun and played very
much like this they also did the iOS
version of Skylanders cloud Patrol and
there's some minigames in here which
play a lot like that check back each day
for some daily specials how about 10%
more experience that's right it's time
to concentrate on levelling up your
favorite skylander
the level designs themselves are bright
and colorful and filled with secret
places to explore and find treasure and
other things that increase your portal
master rank and then of course we get
these swap force themselves like I said
in part one it doesn't feel like a
gimmick to me it's actually quite clever
and enhances what already makes
Skylanders fun the characters and all of
their moves now you can combine them and
create like all new Skylanders and
there's additional challenges laying
around depending on what kind of base
you have on that particular Skylander
which are like little racing games why
it's as if they designed the game to be
fun and succeeded puzzles returned as do
arena battles and we get survival modes
for one or two player you can also play
one or two player co-op during the
actual campaign so it's a fun game to
play with your friends or your kids and
I know it the common complaint about
Skylanders is that it's expensive and it
is it's a collector's game a kids game
for those of you with disposable income
and only a few companies like Activision
could pull this off but I'll give them
credit you get a lot of value after
you've bought your figures because they
should work for years I mean I'm still
using the original toys I got with the
first game they save their character
data they level up and if you keep the
codes you can play them in the online
games that come out
and kids love these things are bright
they're colorful and I think they're
actually well-built and nicely detailed
while Skylanders is obviously aimed at a
younger audience it's not so stupid and
juvenile that it can't be enjoyed by
adults and the entire family playing
together it's a fun action game if
you're just getting into games or if
they're just getting in two games the
little ones the easy settings are a good
place to start for these serious
enthusiasts bump up the difficulty to
nightmare and try to collect everything
and earn every star that's actually
really hard so there you have it
Skylanders swap force the best
Skylanders yet and I've had a lot of
requests to bring back these Skylanders
of figures review so I'll see you back
here and the review of light cores star
strike followed by free Ranger and then
some of the Giants see you then
shoot for this time
congratulations